this Memorial marks where 41-year-old
Carpenter Ahmed Al AI was shot dead
during an attack by Israeli settlers in
the occupied West Bank on December the
2nd and this video is of that day you
can see settlers smashing Palestinian
property as the Israeli Army stands by
the settlers set fire to shahar's home
where he lives with his three
daughters I keep thinking of my girls
thank God they were out when the attack
happened this is my home where I have
lived for 5 years where can I go there
are six illegal Israeli settlements that
are gradually expanding close to the
village and an Israeli army base is on
one of the adjacent
Hills the attacks have gotten more
violent they open fire now without
warning there is nowh to talk to them
they just shoot the UN has recorded at
least 308 Israeli settler attacks in the
occupied West Bank since the beginning
of the war on October the 7th at least
eight Palestinians have been killed
Witnesses tell us that on the evening of
December the 2nd a group of between 10
and 15 Israeli settlers a number of them
armed approached the Village from this
direction and began attacking these
houses they were soon joined so
Witnesses Say by a group of Israeli
soldiers who blocked off this road when
Palestinians from the village came up to
try and protect the property here
ahmed's body was found down the hill in
the Olive Grove around 3 hours later
he'd been shot in the chest Witnesses
say the leader of the attack was this
man ad Levy they say he's participated
in numerous armed assaults on
Palestinians in the area ahmed's mother
sits with her now fatherless
grandchildren I've given him to God may
God bless him he's left a lot of
children behind friends and community
members offer their condolences to
ahmed's
brother we're afraid that more people
will be killed in the village because
the attacks have increased since the war
started human rights groups say settlers
are taking advantage of a right-wing
Israeli government that is turning a
blind eye to settler violence started we
saw a a rise in incident because I think
settlers felt like they had more
confidence and less consequences to face
um but since October 7th I think that
only increased um and it's because of
the
authorities kind of allowing that to
happen and also I think a big part of it
was the um hate speech and the Revenge
that um Israelis and and especially
settlers felt that means increasing
settler attacks against Palestinians in
the occupied West Bank are going
unchecked and unpunished by the Israeli
government more than ever before
Charles straford Al jazer Kara Ben
Hassan in the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer